Meet with your team to discuss the details of how you are going to approach the group assignment. 
The more details you provide the higher the chance of getting credit for this bonus assignment. 

Question 1:
How often are you going to meet?
Answer:
Typically students meet twice per week, starting immediately after the assignment was made available.

Question 2:
Which tools and communication technology are you going to use?
Answer:
You will need Python, CLI, pgSQL, Git and GitHub. Typically students also use Slack, Zoom and, of course, email.

Question 3:
Who is going to complete which tasks?
Answer:
Here are some broad tasks to get you started. Put these broad categories in a table, and create subtasks that you can divide among
your team. Have your team-members' names in the columns of the table, and set target dates for completion in the cells.
-Set up repo invite collaborators and act as repo owner
-Maintain meetings.txt file containing the date, agenda, and actions items with names and deadlines
-Automate getting data from a URL on a daily basis and storing it in a file
-Inserting data into a Postgres database when it lands on disk
-Prepare data in a format for visualization / analysis
-Generate a Dash dashboard with metrics about the data and the pipeline's operations
-Serve data through a flask API yielding no more than ten records for each API call
-Extract data through the API
-Prepare presentation


Question 4:
What are the expected completion dates of each task?
Answer:
Work backwards from the presentation deadline, and study the schedule in the syllabus to see when you are 
going to acquire skills that you need for each task to set deadlines.

Question 5:
Who is going to be the repo owner?
Answer:
Whoever is willing to put in the effort to lead meetings and code reviews.

Question 6:
What is your process to accomplish tasks and review code?
Answer:
Have action items and deliverables to be completed by the next meeting.
Then, you can start your next meeting by going through the planned actions items person by person.
If somebody didn't finish their action item, discuss what was blocking them and help them overcome the obstacle or at least get one step closer to solving the problem.
Make sure there is enough time to have everyone go through their deliverables.
The repo owner needs to review code, request changes if necessary, and approve pull requests. This should be done during the meeting. 


Question 7:
How are you going to hold each team member accountable to stay on top of their tasks?
Answer:
Visibility of who has accomplished what in a table is a great way to do this.
Remember that this table should be in the show and tell and final presentation.


Question 7:
Set up the assignment repo per the assignment document and invite all members and ballingsclass.
Clone the repo to your disk.
Copy the file from your firstname_lastname repo, to your assignment folder.
Using commands everyone should push this file with their answers to the assignment repo after creating a branch 
called plan_lastname, and do a pull request, wich the repo owner will execute.
We will check the repo to see if everything if this is done correctly.
Don't forget to also push to your firstname_lastname repo and do a pull request.

Inviting collaborators: settings > manage access > invite a collaborator
Follow the steps on slides 15 an 16 in retrieving_and_submitting_assignments.pdf
Then:
git clone link_to_your_assignment_repo
cp firstname_lastname/bonus2.1.txt assignment_repo_name/bonus2.1.txt
git branch plan_lastname
git checkout plan_lastname
git add .
git commit -m 'message' 
git push origin plan_lastname




